the sun provides life on the entire
planet so what do you think happens when
it starts to go out naturally earth
sends astronauts on a mission to
re-ignite the sun does that journey go
smoothly well for the crew of 2007
sunshine the mission is anything but
smooth spoiler alert while i may give
you my opinion on the film that's no
substitute for watching it for yourself
links to the film are in the description
mankind faces extinction wow i can
already tell this is gonna be an
uplifting feel-good movie
yeah no i can literally feel myself
getting amped up from anticipation we
open up on dr cyril who is having a
pleasant conversation with the ship
herself icarus afterwards he goes to the
table where he explains his experience
with the rest of the crew on a side note
all of the actors and actresses had to
live together so that they could create
a palpable feeling that they knew each
other throughout it's also now that we
find out from kineta that if they have
any messages to send back home they
should do it now as they're approaching
the dead zone earlier than anticipated
obviously all the fun stuff will happen
there where they can't reach out for
help that's how it always goes right
here we meet the ever so humble kappa i
really hope he had another reason for
going on this mission other than the
approval of his parents that'll get you
in trouble every time
this visual is absolutely gorgeous i'd
go on the mission just to live in that
room next we get to meet corazon who is
about to deliver her report to canada in
the observatory she explains that oxygen
levels are better than expected and
there's nothing to worry about you're
thinking about icarus one wait a second
this is icarus too what happened to the
first one well as it turns out no one
knows what happened to icarus one but
they didn't make it to their destination
soon after a brawl erupts between mason
kappa that results in mace taking some
time to remember home after that he
delivers a very heartfelt apology they
really do behave like a couped up family
all of the cast members went through
space training as well as scuba diving
classes danny brought the crew aboard a
nuclear submarine so they could
understand the feeling of living under
crammed conditions and he even had them
experience weightlessness in zero g
moments later harvey gathers everyone so
they can listen to a transmission he
picked up it's the icarus one
we all know they're going to investigate
it but we all agree that they shouldn't
write right these sounds were partially
actual sounds received from space by a
midwestern university this distress
signal from icarus 1 was actually used
later in 2011 for the prequel movie to
the thing after much deliberation sore
brings up the option of contacting
icarus one to take the payload they were
carrying as a second chance at a
successful mission the decision foster
kappa since he's the physicist for their
journey two last hopes are better than
one while we all know this is a terrible
decision that will end terribly his
logic for making the decision is sound
at least they're thinking with their
heads the change in their approach to
the sun ends up causing more problems
when the change in path was made the
shields weren't recalibrated for the new
approach to the sun and the sun burned
part of icarus too kineta and kappa go
outside of the ship to fix the damaged
panels but tragedy strikes when the
oxygen garden catches fire icarus ii
tries to take over control but that will
put kappa and kineta in dangerous
take control of the ship we can't
seriously be losing two of the biggest
characters this early in the movie can
we
go back well one is better than both but
no not him i actually kind of liked him
as icarus counts down to when the ship
will be back on course kinita finishes
up the last panel but he knows it's too
late to try and make it back to the
airlock he turns to face and the last we
see of him is engulfed in flame cgi was
a challenge when it came to creating the
sun in the film it ended up being the
longest cgi sequencing ever done by a
london production house between the
music and the visuals this is such a
stunning farewell to a character that
actually seemed like he had two brain
cells to rub together as they assess the
damage to icarus ii harvey who's now the
captain explains that since the oxygen
garden and reserve oxygen is gone they
won't have enough oxygen to make it to
their mission we now have no choice but
to run over with icarus one this sucks
because that was their plan this whole
time once about literally happened just
to kill kineta off then they end up
having to do it anyway of course right
after hearing that information corazon
is already talking about how many people
to get rid of so they do have enough
oxygen three to be exact it would take
getting rid of three people that are all
necessary in their own way everybody has
their own job that makes them essential
and she's just ready to throw three of
them out of the airlock eventually they
hold it together long enough to reach
icarus one and the crew of icarus ii
board it and look around
80 of all dust as human skin
well now i'll never look at simple dust
the same again that means there's just
pieces of human all over the place these
flash frames that happen whenever a crew
member shines a flashlight at the screen
are actually pictures of the original
crew of icarus one definitely threw me
off i thought i was looking at ghost for
a second after the crew explores the
ship they find that it has all of the
oxygen they need water food and a
running ship there's no reason that the
original crew shouldn't have made it to
their destination then a voice comes on
over the computer and he calls himself
pinbacker
look at that distortion so now that
we've got some explanation on icarus one
we find out that a religious nut is the
whole reason why they didn't make it in
the first place after the message
finishes mace finds out that the real
reason they can't use the ship anymore
is because someone has sabotaged the
coolant system and cyril finds the crew
stroll explains that the whole crew
actually burned themselves in the
observation room with the shields fully
down
oh god what's wrong now we are floating
free from you
can much more go completely wrong in
such a short amount of time i feel like
not much time has passed but everything
has just gone wrong after mace decides
that kappa will take the one suit to get
aboard icarus ii he comes up with the
brilliant idea of the other three being
shot across space straight back to their
ship with him the temperature alone
could kill them but he rips insulation
off of the ship to protect them during
their free fly back to icarus ii suro
realizes that one person has to stay
behind to handle the hatch operation and
he volunteers
well goodbye harvey i've gotta say for
2007 the effects and visuals for this
are stunningly realistic as the
remaining crew members go over how they
can save enough oxygen they revisit the
possibility of killing trey to make up
for the three people they needed to get
rid of before mace takes it upon himself
to kill trey but when he goes out to do
it he sees that he won't have to after
all poor guy has been at risk for that
ever since he caused the problems with
the new trajectory but at least none of
the crew have to be murderers now may
still blames kappa for making the
initial decision to go off course to
investigate icarus one and he makes it
very clear to everyone i just want you
to know that this
belongs here
that's so cold let's remember that kappa
helped save mesa's life when they came
back over but mace just can't accept
kappa's decision shortly after kappa
decides to run diagnostics on all crew
biometrics and he discovers something
terrifying there are only four crew
members
five crew members what
[Music]
pinbacker's design looks absolutely
mortifying like a burnt sack of potatoes
the last thing you want on your ship to
save mankind is a man that thinks he's
ready to see god as kappa runs from
pinbacker he finally gets himself locked
away from him but pinbacker heads for
icarus 2's coolant mainframe so he can
repeat what he did on the first icarus
later corazon discovers that not all of
the plants were burnt in the fire and
she asked icarus to patch her through to
the other characters
[Music]
the sound of the scalpel going into her
back was enough to make me go oh damn
pinbacker continues on his quest to shut
down icarus ii and his next step is to
cut the power as cassie gets up to
investigate she notices pinbacker coming
towards her in the hallway mace gets to
the control room where he brings back
enough power to get in touch with kappa
who tells him of pinbacker's plan mace
takes it upon himself to get into the
tank of coolant to try and save icarus
as mace reinstills power to icarus
cassie takes her shot at pinbacker oh
yeah who knew cassie was so epic mace
gets icarus running a little more but in
order for him to break them out of orbit
he explains to kappa that he has to do
it manually mace isn't doing too well
but he forces himself back into the
coolant to try and finish all of the
repairs as he tries to get out his leg
gets stuck under the mainframe people
are just dropping like flies at this
point and it's not looking too hopeful
for humanity at this point kappa burns
his way through the airlock that he's
been locked behind and he sends the
other door careening into space along
with the body of corazon as kappa walks
past the body of mace he comes to the
control panel that will allow him to
deliver the payload but without the
option of propelling the ship away he
knows that he will not be able to
survive the blast as the timer counts
down kappa musters as much strength as
he can to make his way to the end of the
ship where he watches the bomb float in
front of the sun
this is just stunning between the
visuals and the music i'm so amazed as
the boosters on the bomb go off we see
icarus explode and burn from the sheer
force of the payload once kappa gets on
board the payload he rushes to the
control so he can set it off manually
before he can make it pinbacker grabs
hold of kappa and tries to strangle him
over the abyss but that doesn't work out
why can't he just die once they come to
a stop cassie tells kappa to finish the
mission and kappa makes it to the
detonator of the bomb
i swear i think every single way people
have died in this movie are some of the
absolute worst ways to go they just look
excruciating and nightmarish back on
earth kappa's sister receives the
message he sent before they enter the
dead zone and the sun shines radiantly
across the planet a sign that they did
in fact complete their mission all in
all this film is a masterpiece to be
sure the all-star cast is phenomenal and
the effects are mind-boggling especially
for the time the film came out from a
pure entertainment standpoint sunshine
is a gem for sure i highly recommend
this movie and hopefully you'll enjoy it
just as much as i did thank you so much
for watching this video and i hope you
enjoyed it don't forget to like and
subscribe if you'd like to see more
videos like this one definitely give the
movie a shot and don't forget to comment
what you think i should watch next i'll
see you in the next video